Rackspace Private Cloud Software
License Agreement
The Rackspace Private Cloud Software (the “Software”) is a compilation of
several open source components, designed to provide an approachable and ready
to go Open Stack configuration experience.  The Software is an Ubuntu based
distribution and includes Chef Server, the Chef Omnibus Installer, the
Rackspace Chef Cookbooks, various OpenStack components, and the Ubuntu Precise
installer.   Your use of the Software compilation is subject to the terms of:
(i) the applicable open source licenses identified at the following url and
incorporated in this License Agreement by reference:
www.rackspace.com/information/legal/rpcswpackages/, because we have included
open source software as part of this compilation, please be sure to review and
respect the licenses governing your use of those components, and (ii) the terms
of this License Agreement, but only to the extent that the terms of this
License Agreement do not conflict with the open source license(s) that apply to
the included components.

This License Agreement restricts your use and distribution of the Software
compilation, but it does not prohibit the use or distribution of the underlying
software included in the compilation. Those software components and their
source code are governed by the various licenses agreements applicable to those
components.  We put a lot of work into this Software but we do not control or
seek to limit your ability to use the open source software included in our
compilation.

You are hereby licensed to use the Software compilation without charge, on a
worldwide, non-exclusive, basis.  We do want to maintain a consistent user
experience and seek to connect with users of this Software, so you may not
redistribute or modify the Software compilation unless pursuant to a separate
written agreement with Rackspace US, Inc (“Rackspace”).   You may not use the
Rackspace Private Cloud Software name or trademark without the express written
permission of Rackspace. If we decide we are required (either for cause or
because of an agreement relating to the software components included in the
compilation) to stop permitting the use of this Software, then we may revoke
this license by providing you with written notice. If we notify you that we
have revoked this license, then you may no longer use the Software for new
installations (but may continue your use of any software installed as part of
the compilation in accordance with the terms applicable to that software).

Your use of the Software and its included components is subject to applicable
laws, including the export laws of the United States and any other jurisdiction
where the Software is distributed.

The Software is provided on an AS IS basis and  Rackspace US, Inc. makes no
representation or warranty of any kind regarding the Software,  either express
or implied, and specifically disclaims the  warranties of merchantability,
fitness for a particular purpose, and noninfringement.  You are solely
responsible for your use of the Software and assume any and all risks
associated with your use or redistribution of the Software, including your
compliance with applicable licenses.

Trademarks:  You may not remove or modify any trademarks included with the
Software compilation.  OpenStack is a trademark of OpenStack, LLC (to be
assigned to the OpenStack Foundation).  Ubuntu and Canonical are registered
trademarks of Canoncial Ltd.   OpsCode, the OpsCode logos and Chef are
trademarks of OpsCode, Inc.  Rackspace, Rackspace Private Cloud Software, and
Rackspace logos are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Rackspace
U.S., Inc. in the United States and/or other countries.  Other trademarks
included in or distributed with the Software compilation are the property of
their respective owners.

All rights not expressly granted in this License Agreement are reserved.

This License Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Texas,
exclusive of any choice of law principle that would require the application of
the law of a different jurisdiction, and the laws of the United States of
America, as applicable.
